Add `ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.serviceWorker` (#29461)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworker/index.md

The **`ServiceWorker`** interface of the [Service Worker API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) provides a reference to a service worker. Multiple {{glossary("browsing context", "browsing contexts")}} (e.g. pages, workers, etc.) can be associated with the same service worker, each through a unique `ServiceWorker` object.

> A `ServiceWorker` object is available via the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.active")}} property, the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.serviceWorker")}} property and the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerContainer.controller")}} property when the service worker is in `activating` or `activated` state, and via {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.installing")}} property when the service worker is in `installing` state, or via {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.waiting")}} property when the service worker is in `installed` state.

Reviewer: Let's chop this up to be more readable.

```suggestion
A `ServiceWorker` object is available via a number of propertes:

 - {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.active")}}
 - {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.serviceWorker")}}
 - {{domxref("ServiceWorkerContainer.controller")}} — when the service worker is in `activating` or `activated` state
 - {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.installing")}} — when the service worker is in `installing` state
 - {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.waiting")}} — when the service worker is in `installed` state
```
